hello YouTube Minecrafters is the black
belt panda and as you can see in the
bottom left-hand corner of the screen I
am running minecraft beta 1 point 9 p
release 3 which literally just came out
so I'm going to go ahead and create a
new world here and we're just going to
call it pre-release three and we'll go
ahead and change it to creative so we
can see if there's any new blocks
generate world structures on and create
new world and we'll see what's new
hopefully the potion system is out we
can or at least some of the potion
system and we can take a look at those
that'll be pretty cool so right now we
are building terrain and this might take
a moment all right saving chunk
simulating world and here we are now let
me just quickly reload my sound because
it likes to mess up and well with over
in the right here we have a pie graph
displaying apparently the performance of
the game we've got percentages relating
to update lights sound tix unspecified
and render that's that's interesting all
right anything else in this money um I
don't see anything else new there so
let's go ahead and quickly take a look
at the inventory and we'll just scroll
down through here look for anything new
what do we got oh here we go there's no
name but it looks like possibly the
enchanting table that notch was a
tweeting about let's see what else do we
have I know not just etios working on
glossy armor let's go ahead and grab
actually I won't be able to wear that in
creative mode will I well we'll take a
look at that will go to survival mode
and a little bit here let's go down
through this stuff first
alright I'm just trying to look for
anything new going down through here
slowly so I don't miss anything oh here
we go we've got a brewing stand we've
got a cold rinse oh it looks like both
of those are actually in the game so I
know a lot of people are saying no
there's brewing stand nodes a cold rain
olds brewing stand no it's both I of
Endor ooh that sounds interesting let's
go ahead grab the glass bottle some of
this other stuff here well let's go down
through make sure there's no more new
stuff okay so that looks like all the
new stuff so go ahead and grab some of
this fermented spider I it's actually
let's get the magma cream gast tier
actually we'll put that back so I think
we need some water let's go ahead and
grab some water let's experiment head
over here to a more open spot there we
go alright so that is the enchantment
table the book follows you and the page
is flips that is pretty cool so I click
on that and we can enchant items
apparently so we'll get to that in a
little bit let's take a look at the
brewing stand so there's the brewing
stand awesome awesome and it looks like
we can put stuff here and glass bottles
here so let's try let's see can you put
I think we have to start with the
cauldron maybe so let's try that so i'll
put the cauldron over here so there's
the coldren and let's use okay we just
put some water in the cauldron let's
toss try to toss some of this stuff in
not sure what I'm doing throw it in did
that work nope that did not work okay
and I threw it again that was actually
an excellent let's see what stuff do we
have here that we could play around with
ya got some blaze powder blaze rod gas
here to try some of those okay tell us
any of those in here nothing seems to be
happening what if i use the bottle whoa
what just happened I don't know oh I've
got a water bottle so let's try this I'm
gonna get a couple more bottles and
let's see how can we do this we've got
as you can see we do have a bottle on
the stand here that's interesting um-hmm
wondering if we could toss some of this
other stuff in here grab a mushroom
let's try I'll grab some die I'll see if
any of that does anything toss the
mushroom in know what about to die no
mmm it's also possible that the system
is not quite working yet too although
I'm more than likely just doing it wrong
that's my guess well we do have a couple
more bottles can I put oh wait wait that
worked I put another war there and it's
doing something oh the arrows moving oh
this is interesting kept put put some
glass bottles on either side see what
happens arrows going down we got little
bubble animation looks like over here
and this after putting nether wart in
the centerpiece
and what happens Oh another word
disappeared we've got awkward potion no
effects probably because I messed it up
somehow can I put other stuff there we
can put blaze powder they're awesome
tell you what I'm going to end this
video here and then i showed you new
items and i'm going to make more videos
and demonstrate the different potion
combinations that i find and any other
thing i find out including the
enchantment table so this is black go
panda leave a like comment subscribe
i'll talk to you in a little bit my next
video